add delivery promise store framework guide (#1951)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/localization/setting-up-delivery-promise-components.md

#### Setting up a blocking model

To ensure location input is provided before any browsing, you can configure a blocking modal that appears when the page loads and cannot be dismissed until a ZIP code is entered.

To do this, you must use both the `callToAction` and `dismissible` props:

* `callToAction`: Defines which UI is displayed on load:
 
  * `modal`: Shows a modal requiring postal code entry.
  * `popover-input` *(default)*: Opens a popover with a ZIP code input field.
  * `popover-button`: Displays a button that opens the popover when clicked.
* `dismissible`: When set to `false`, the modal cannot be closed until a valid ZIP code is entered.

Configure the props as shown in the example below:

```json
"shipping-option-location-selector": {
  "props": {
    "dismissible": false,
    "callToAction": "modal"
  }
}
```

This configuration ensures the page is filtered for deliverability from the first interaction, improving both performance and relevance.

#### Defining displayed delivery methods

The `shippingSelection` prop controls which delivery methods are shown:

* `delivery-and-pickup`: Enables both delivery and pickup location options.

> * `only-pickup`: Shows only the pickup selector (e.g., for stores focusing on in-store pickup).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `only-pickup`: Shows only the pickup selector (for example, in stores focusing on in-store pickup).
```
